Soften wording for Bevy's stability warning (#5442)
bevyengine/bevy: README.md

## WARNING

> Bevy is still in the early stages of development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bevy is still in an experimental stage of development.
```

That is, I think we can find a better sentiment than "early" we can use here. I don't think experimental is definitely that though.

Perhaps:
- exploratory
- in flux
- (pre-teen)
- (ship-of-theseusing itself)
- (maximum warp)
- (code yeetage mode)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bevy is still under heavy development.
```

APIs can and will change in both trivial and critical ways.

> Important features are incomplete.

Reviewer 3: I disagree here. There are still core pieces missing for anyone looking for a production ready game engine. It's best not to give the wrong impression that Bevy is all there for the majority of use cases and are just missing a few niche features.

IMO Bevy is still in a state where users still need to dig around and will still get "we're not there yet" as an answer for a lot of common, often trivial, questions. Especially when the bar is Unity, Unreal, or Godot.

> Important features are incomplete.

Reviewer 2: Seems fair. I would still add the missing part though:

```suggestion
Important features are incomplete or missing.
```

> Important features are incomplete. 

Author: ```suggestion
Important features are incomplete.
```

> Documentation can be spotty.

Reviewer: I also don't quite like this sentiment here. It's also "disavowing responsibility" to improve the docs by using the passive voice, which isn't great.

Perhaps "Our documentation is still maturing - individual APIs are generally well documented, but higher level overviews are difficult to find". Again, that's not quite right.

Maybe we can also mention here that assistance can be had on discord or in GitHub discussions?

OTOH I don't want this section to get long - I don't want people's eyes to glaze over reading our readme.

Reviewer 2: The status of documentation depends on the viewpoint. If we're just talking about API documentation, the situation is not that bad, even if it needs significative additions. If we're talking about the Book instead, the situation is such that people _need_ to resort to third-party sources.

If you need something, please feel free to [help out](CONTRIBUTING.md)!

> We're always looking for contributors, and your hands-on experience with the engine is invaluable when deciding how something should work.

Reviewer: I wonder if we can almost cut this entirely.

Maybe have a note about being friendly to contribution in the very first section?

"If you need" isn't great language, since it suggests not merging a PR is "not meeting a **need**", which isn't great.

> If you're building a project in Bevy, it will be seriously broken by API changes every release (every 3 months or so).

Reviewer: But we will have a migration guide

> If you're building a project in Bevy, you will be seriously broken by API changes every release (every 3 months or so).

Reviewer 4: I don't like the "you will be seriously broken" part, it reads a bit weird to me, but it was there before so 🤷‍♂️

Author: IME there will be more than one line migrations for complex projects every release. You need to put some thought into some of the changes.

Reviewer 4: Oh, I agree it will be hard and plenty of things will be broken, but my brain keeps thinking the you is referencing me not the project

Reviewer 4: My brain reads it as if it's saying that you, the reader, will be broken because of how hard it will be

Author: ```suggestion
If you're building a project in Bevy, it will be seriously broken by API changes every release (every 3 months or so).
```

Reviewer: > it was there before

Previously it said "serious projects will be broken"

It now says "[your projects] will be seriously broken"

Those are different things, right?

> Plan ahead, and write tests!

Reviewer: How can you plan ahead for unknown breaking changes?

I'm also unsure how much writing tests will help - like it's a helpful sentiment to say "we let you write tests" but I'm not sure it helps with breaking changes.
